README.md, before:

# JSON paginazer 😸

## Info
This tiny [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) based app fetches JSON data from an API point located in the **API.json** file in the same directory.

## Requirements
You need a server environment like e.g. Apache or NodeJS and You need JavaScript and a web browser.

## Usage
To run this app You have simply to locate to **index.html** - You find this file here:
```
cd [YOUR LOCATION]/app/build
```
You can also copy and locate this folder anywhere inside Your server environment. The folder has not be called */tv2_app_mobx*

## More details on how to build and run

1. To build this app, You need NPM installed globally and You have to use Your Terminal and make sure You are located to the main source directory where the **package.json** is located. Like so:

```bash
cd [YOUR LOCATION]/app
npm install
```

2. Run the app directly form source

```bash
npm start
```

3. Or build the app again. This generates the */build* directory and *index.html* with all the dependencies packed.

```bash
npm run build
```

## Author
Tobias Høegh, tobias@tujo.no, *2017*

Commit message:

added the requried .env config

README.md, after:

# JSON paginazer 😸

## Info
This tiny [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) based app fetches JSON data from an API point, located in the **API.json** file in the same directory.

## Requirements
You need a server environment like e.g. Apache or NodeJS and You need JavaScript and a web browser.

## Usage
To run this app You have simply to locate to **index.html** - You find this file here:
```
cd [YOUR LOCATION]/app/build
```
You can also copy and locate this folder anywhere inside Your server environment. The folder has not be called */tv2_app_mobx*

## More details on how to build and run

1. To build this app, You need NPM installed globally and You have to use Your Terminal and make sure You are located to the main source directory where the **package.json** is located. Like so:

```bash
cd [YOUR LOCATION]/app
npm install
```

2. Run the app directly form source. Change the port in the .evn config, or use http://localhost:8080

```bash
npm start
```

3. Or build the app again. This generates the */build* directory and *index.html* with all the dependencies packed.

```bash
npm run build
```

## Author
Tobias Høegh, tobias@tujo.no, *2017*
